New NServiceBus and MassTransit Resiliency Recommendations (#183)
MicrosoftDocs/well-architected: well-architected/mission-critical/mission-critical-application-design.md

- Define common engineering criteria for all application microservice teams to drive consistency and speed in the use of application-level resiliency patterns.

> - Consider implementing resiliency patterns by using proven standardized packages, like [Polly](http://www.thepollyproject.org) for C# or [Sentinel](https://github.com/alibaba/Sentinel) for Java. Alternatively, frameworks like [NServiceBus](https://particular.net/) or [MassTransit](https://masstransit.io/) provide built-in resiliency features by default, which can simplify the process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Consider implementing resiliency patterns by using proven standardized packages, like [Polly](http://www.thepollyproject.org) for C# or [Sentinel](https://github.com/alibaba/Sentinel) for Java. Additionally, messaging frameworks like [NServiceBus](https://particular.net/) or [MassTransit](https://masstransit.io/) provide built-in resiliency features, which helps avoid needing additional reliability code.
```
